SEED:ty;
I hate it, and desire all good men's


Div 0.2
Generated:
ty;
I hate it, and desire all good men's that him heart,
The be the some the back that in the best
what he have the son the will he will stirce of the best
wilt will his higher the better the son and the better the brother the brother
The will and that which the strives the brother to the stours
The be the soll the sen the grace his some
The sen the constrike the come that the stright
The son the brother and his be the son with and the 


Div 0.5
Generated:
ty;
I hate it, and desire all good men's him her meld to lord
And of thou word to be distring his are with our that he you compest.

SICINIUS:
Be the comest man her for of the all the shind
He the son that he son the counter and forth,
In the better the concerved no with the wor hand
That he heavine the son had me heart, thee the love to man
The true mege the some the manst the surt
The garrer, of for will not will better breast of the 


Div 1.0
Generated:
ty;
I hate it, and desire all good men's thy sweeted,
Not a bloodswi-funce for thee to the king Wank my good trey.

LUCENTIO:
Not not make sporiol, follaln, with I'll breat parch'd,
Lord rege bothadice thou broken boest chont.

Messengens;

GONZALO:
God with give there'ndeld's brover me it. O Lowhann ed too struefs?
go for her and boste's houlous a thinkswiter marpod;
Is the Tyooms tongue for it of yen wrom me.
Sheald again my griege he


Div 1.2
Generated:
ty;
I hate it, and desire all good men's the pake'
while the times, entry protimes; is the graFBkle;s within alls; God thine ceabbed:
I know No novery-camenritcheinour round you tray?
Worty clasty the cobxer brune my
Ofol sloy, in.

PriFQJqPPPPGx?gY:SBHRRTCAES:
Traies uppeadstlers' it uy I Lad; insly musted
 gough condard trathes, How hath Laired be.
Farran sir of mave you you day,
What fraar?
Now, compedt oftlem face I nawn froreentlep



------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SEED:.
Myself am struck in years, I must conf


Div 0.2
Generated:
.
Myself am struck in years, I must confice
And the not the brother the son the striffer to the blood
The son the strain the sen the grace the better the best
be some the some thou have the best the better to the server
The be the true that he will man the surt
The best the brother the soll the be the will
And stone the prince the frow it the brother
The be the son the sours the strives the will the better the breast the better the son 


Div 0.5
Generated:
.
Myself am struck in years, I must confike:
Since be and that a ban the good hast and the sof be profed,
And our think to grave the frot the boys to be all
That whihst with that not him of you better time.

LADY CAPULET:
The highly not me him the son he was you my faBY
The though of the sof to served have from the bless that hearse
And no that my death in the man the like the brother the carge,
Tin on of that will and the time the bloo


Div 1.0
Generated:
.
Myself am struck in years, I must confy to yoy;
And their withome dangers me,' am in a by you,
The lames, what do upon, heer maight, in hast my inheat my coten,
The fort. He dely bus a Treis stroud of the poopely,
This sweet you do I have strother time, I pastlyy,
who, first my gravan at who to than crat of behady:
The now mustive of the kight.
Whe heart at loynorours, a fiers thes frieghter of as to shormage.

BY aNGO;He
Wha tiet at 


Div 1.2
Generated:
.
Myself am struck in years, I must confording. I a Lict their Hes
hof gardining heart for, s: Volth?

RICHARD:
And speast thy amio Kar my saralary libet
I pray of, you me: Protull 'yey reyed
Thou calt necemions, is this wife ormaroly
I do not upon meet mab''st to fortal nequrio,, notre, who'r will though like wasbwey,
A an of loaring with manded thy wortult awerel.

First thivizer!
The sering me groy the comadice!- verpiney.

GREMIO:
M



------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SEED:angled ere my Romeo comes?
Or, if I live


Div 0.2
Generated:
angled ere my Romeo comes?
Or, if I live with the son the soll the arting and the see
The will the son the some the see the for the forth,
And that which the son the son the some to be the soll
The dead the grace the some the come the some
The bender the construce the comes the comes
And the dead the better the son the sent
And the be the son the son the son the son the son the comes
The son the will the some the better the see
The be t


Div 0.5
Generated:
angled ere my Romeo comes?
Or, if I live a bear in may there his higher with for me
The bearent the comed of the last thou crown.

LADY CAPULET:
Sir, the great of the sast the warrown wige will and the is the sumest will
is not how they will you earst of than the sear,
And me the service better that him thou let,
And the very to the wife have for of the fill the chot of the surfers him rest
I will if the father that he know the sen a ma


Div 1.0
Generated:
angled ere my Romeo comes?
Or, if I lives the give lo, of thails thears.

LORTHUThAY:
I'lrr bast in the gooht you spot and lier begainsy
his diess twile lave yet for this tell's couther
Mepinistanmules, and thouyre ble stlottwise
but as fing for brong with not If brocking

CoraweraBqgEY:
I have you stricht, to true, the go cros which conteff sheland?
Which his bendain and un iting and thou street.

L:
Omen, shall notheld conmelse, wilt 


Div 1.2
Generated:
angled ere my Romeo comes?
Or, if I live the for I kings thingly.

BANG mRCBEIIUS:
An nor delous thown then,
Tetomble hep aly tell use spirdeseven of good
fill will tighth it to Hentann Thud gough'd thine love blamukt
-' moure to I fouls wolloul butitromes.

S:
Which arts borewider O ficknourms thy cotur Boldes hilt
And may why, is our chreserstesy,
mad do my his core your all,
Will or my if
know nay me famn your a isarry!

!tomeine!--




------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
